Beautify README, merge other doc files in it (#126)
Sol-Client/Client: README.md

<a href="https://sol-client.github.io"><img alt="Website" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/documentation/website_vector.svg"></a>

</div>

## 🤔 Why does this exist? I mean, Lunar seems to be good enough..

Sol Client is one of the _very very_ few Minecraft 1.8 clients that is open source and privacy friendly. This means that the code written for client to be made is available to the public, thus it's safe. So, anyone could make sure that Sol is not a virus or it doesn't spy on you. Lunar on the hand is the exact opposite. It is propriety software and **it spies on you** and they even say it on their website:

**From: https://www.lunarclient.com/privacy**
> We may also **create or collect device-identifiable information** (DII), such as cookies, statistical identifiers, **unique device and advertising identifiers**, **usernames**, and similar identifiers that are linkable to a browser or device. From these platforms, we may also receive other information, such as **your IP address**, user agent, timestamps, **precise and imprecise geolocation**, **sensor data**, **apps**, fonts, battery life information and **screen size**.

> Not to mention the active developmenrt and that **every** suggested feature is considered and most likely added or planned to be added.

Reviewer: I don't think Lunar's issues belong here to be honest. People can find information about it on other websites, and (it's surprising, but) I didn't know of Lunar's existence when I begun development. Still, I think a "Why" section stating that it exists because of its ease of use and consistency compared to many modpacks would be good (i.e. in modpacks you will often have many different configuration libraries)!

Author: I'll modify it then

# Sol Client

An **open source**, non-hacked client for Minecraft 1.8.9 (newer versions coming in the future)

<a href="https://www.java.com"><img alt="Java" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/built-with/java_vector.svg"></a>
<a href="https://discord.gg/TSAkhgXNbK"><img alt="Discord Server" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/social/discord-plural_vector.svg"></a>
<a href="https://sol-client.github.io"><img alt="Website" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/documentation/website_vector.svg"></a>

</div>

## 🤔 Why Sol over others?

**→ Easy to use** <br />
Everything you want to have is where want it to be. No confusing options, insatllation etc. It _just works_

**→ Consistent** <br />
One menu, one UI. Everything's listed the same way.

**→ Open source and non-profit** <br />
Anyone can modify, redistribute or see the source code of Sol. If you have privacy concerns or curiosity, you can also see for yourself that you are _not_ being spied on.

**→ Active development** <br />

> _Every single_ suggested feature is considered and most likely added or planned to be added.

Reviewer: :P I don't think we can make this promise.

Author: Sorry

Author: I tweaked it

- 1.7 animations
- Item physics
- Hypixel additions
- OptiFine (optional, from [its website](https://optifine.net/downloads))
- Custom crosshairs
- Quick Play (uses games from robere2's mod)
- Better item tooltips (like the ones in Bedrock Edition)
- Chat symbol picker
- Chat channel picker and status
- Popup events (based on Sk1er's [PopupEvents](https://github.com/Sk1erLLC/PopupEvents))
- Speedometer
- Animated chunks (based on Lumien's [Chunk Animator](https://github.com/lumien231/Chunk-Animator))
- Timers
- Resource pack folders
- Replay Mod (using the actual [Replay Mod](https://github.com/ReplayMod/ReplayMod))

> - Entity Culling (using an **outdated version** of tr7zw's [Enity Culling](https://github.com/tr7zw/EntityCulling) mod, since the owner adopted a more restrictive license)

Reviewer: I kind of liked the sarcastic enthusiasm with "!!" in the old readme (and I think it's fine considering the actual information is accurate - I realise sarcasm isn't always good to have in READMEs), and I don't think bold text is necessary.

Author: Ok then

**..and even more!**

## Alternatives

Although Sol is not super popular by itself, here are some alternatives if you seek them:

> - [<img src="https://axolotlclient.github.io/images/icon.png" alt="AC icon" width="18"> AxolotlClient](https://axolotlclient.github.io/)

Reviewer: This section feels quite empty - and most people are already aware of optifine and mod loaders. Oh, and I'm not too bothered about marketing - it's not a product!

Author: So I remove this?

Reviewer: Hmm, maybe it is okay. 

```suggestion
## Alternatives

- [<img src="https://axolotlclient.github.io/images/icon.png" alt="AC icon" width="18"> AxolotlClient](https://axolotlclient.github.io/) is good if you wish to use versions newer than 1.8.
```

Author: 👍🏽
